Add documentation for clients_last_seen dataset (#257)
mozilla/firefox-data-docs: src/cookbooks/active_dau.md

# Active DAU and Active MAU

An **Active User** is defined as a client who has `total_daily_uri` >= 5 URI for a given date.
* Dates are defined by `submission_date_s3` or `submission_date`.
* A client's `total_daily_uri` is defined as their sum of `scalar_parent_browser_engagement_total_uri_count` for a given date<sup>[1](#total_uri_count)</sup>.

**Active DAU** (aDAU) is the number of Active Users on a given day.

**Active MAU** (aMAU) is the number of unique clients who have been an Active User on any day in the last **28 days**. In other words, any client that contributes to aDAU in the last 28 days would also contribute to aMAU for that day. Note that this is not simply the sum of aDAU over 28 days, since any particular client could be active on many days.

> For quick analysis, using `clients_daily_v6` is recommended. Below is an example query for getting aDAU using `clients_daily_v6`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For quick analysis, it's possible to extract aDAU directly from `clients_daily_v6`, but note that calculating aMAU from the same data is significantly more complicated and expensive due to the need for a self-join over a 28 day window. Below is an example query for getting aDAU using `clients_daily_v6`.
```

Reviewer: If you think including this caveat is useful, it should also appear in the DAU/MAU doc.

    1 ASC
```

> [`clients_last_seen`](../datasets/bigquery/clients_last_seen/reference.md) can also be used, but is only available in BigQuery. Below is an example query for getting aDAU and aMAU using `clients_last_seen`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[`clients_last_seen`](../datasets/bigquery/clients_last_seen/reference.md) is a more efficient option that includes precalculated aMAU, but is only available in BigQuery. Below is an example query for getting aDAU and aMAU using `clients_last_seen`.
```

Author: getting aDAU isn't more efficient in `clients_last_seen`, because `COUNT(*)` in `clients_daily` is v efficient. It is more efficient for aMAU, but sometimes aDAU is enough for people

```sql
SELECT
    submission_date,
    COUNTIF(days_since_visited_5_uri < 1) AS visited_5_uri_dau,
    COUNTIF(days_since_visited_5_uri < 28) AS visited_5_uri_mau
FROM
    telemetry.clients_last_seen
GROUP BY
    1
ORDER BY

>     1 ASC

Reviewer: I'd prefer to be verbose and name columns in the group by and order by clauses (so `submission_date` rather than 1) for docs and for production ETL.

Author: I agree, but I wanted to match the existing style in the document
